I baddest yen this is another question
from pet flips and chill he wants to
know what do you think about the future
of veganism and where would you like to
see it going this is a short answer but
it's it's honest I'm actually really
optimistic about the future of veganism
and that's because the other movements I
was involved with in the past were
really weak compared to veganism so you
you know to some extent I was involved
with Buddhism specifically orthodox tera
vaada buddhism scholarship of pali etc
that's hopeless if you ask me what do
you think about the future of Buddhism
it's a depressing answer I think it's a
really really bad situation for Buddhism
right now and for the next 30 years or
what-have-you the foreseeable future I
was involved with the Green Party I was
involved with that kind of you know
ecologically defined politically I think
that's very depressing next 30 years I
think it's really weak it's only getting
worse and it's it's pathetic and I think
also you could look at an organization
like peda People for the Ethical
Treatment of Animals and say what what
future do they have the next 30 years I
think that's also kind of depressing you
know they're not gonna collapse but I
don't see any bright future I don't
think petaa is gonna get more powerful
than they already are I just don't see
it
veganism is very easy for me to be
optimistic about it by contrast I really
think of the next 30 years we can make
something tremendously positive happen
and I mean one of the great things about
veganism is that not everyone but it
kind of puts you into a corner where you
have to make things better because you
feel that things can't stay the same for
you and your personal I'd like to give
you an example with a lot of other
political beliefs you can just be a
middle-class parents who lives in the
suburbs and put your kid through school
and whatever let's say it's the belief
in democracy and you say yeah you know
what I believe in democracy but it
doesn't really change your life in any
way you don't actually try to change the
world or save the world you say yeah
yeah you know I care about democracy and
my kid goes to school and I go to work
and I Drive the same car and that's it
veganism you're always facing up to
these complex whether it's your kids
school what's your kid gonna eat at
school already it's political already
you're drawn into the struck
what I mean it's you in the workplace
every facet of your life gets
politicized where you get backed into a
corner where you want to make that
change even if you're someone who maybe
wouldn't normally be a political
activist to me you know that's also a
sense in which it's really similar to
gay rights you know not every gay person
is gonna be an activist but if you live
in a country like Saudi Arabia if you
live in a country where being homosexual
is actually illegal where gays are
really being persecuted this is
something that affects you it affects
your son when your son goes to school it
affects you at the office you're backed
into a corner where you have to advocate
for political change so I do think in
that sense veganism has this tremendous
dynamism the very very few political
movements have and yeah I am really
optimistic about it and the bottom line
is not everyone's an idiot maybe right
now on YouTube the idiots are the
loudest voices in the room but no I'm
really very very optimistic about the
future okay yeah thanks I was a great
dancer hey I just say that highlight of
the interview that makest did with
Convertible snitch you know talking
about the the jen journey thing and
that's where like the drama just really
you know I mean maybe could've like
actually killed somebody you know or at
the very least like cause you know
caused them suffering in their late in
their last days sure sure totally that
that was really Wow well we trying to
move away from that I don't want to be
that you know I mean somebody in here I
had a problem with like shingles you
only mean and so we've spent like in
half an hour everybody talking about
this is how for like keep outbreaks down
this is what you do when you get an
outbreak like this is the thing to boost
your immune system you know what I mean
not just saying oh well you're a troll
or whatever you only mean like cancer is
something even a million times you know
more dangerous than you know something
like shingles so like this kind of thing
like help each other let's build each
other let's support each other let's
nurture each other so I think though I
think
maybe it doesn't make money but it makes
a lot of sense right all right but I
mean like this is the thing the amount
of money involved is nothing compared to
working at Starbucks anyway like if I
work a regular job at Starbucks I can
make $14 an hour what my patreon makes
$10 a day like let's get you know the
money is not an excuse and people use it
as an excuse people including cheetah
say what I'm doing is immoral but I'm
doing it for money therefore it's okay
so that's that is already you know
deeply deeply problematic in terms of
the gender anything I would say there's
a so basically we're talking about is
people being mean-spirited people being
opportunists and people being Fame
[ __ ]
if we keep me over that's the problem
with the ginger tea situation but what's
interesting to me is we actually had
that problem both before and after her
death so like if I look at someone like
durianrider jumping on the ginger nice
story before her death to me the problem
is one he's being mean-spirited too
he's just being an opportunist he's just
trying to get views out of this and
three he's basically being a Fame [ __ ]
like that no point was he sincerely
concerned about a scam you know taking
people is ridiculous I mean like you
know he pretends that he really was
concerned about being scam same with
with me in my lawsuit same with all
kinds of other stuff he pretends there's
a yo scene with the thing with Julia
bore he pretends he was sincerely
concerned that I was dating this woman
I've never met never had a conversation
with or anything ridiculous but he
pretends there's some legitimate ethical
reason from they involved but in reality
one it's mean-spirited - its
opportunistic three-issue say Maureen
but then after Jen has died I think the
same thing is happening and including
people like vegan cheetah like does
vegan cheetah actually have something
positive or important or worthwhile to
say about Jen journey and a natural
vegan I don't think so and you know me
and unnatural vegan are not friends but
all I see going down is more Fame
whoring more opportunistic behavior you
know it's just it's just more nonsense
so like you know the motivation you have
for what you do matters the way that you
do it matters you know so you can look
at any of these controversies that are
mostly just fake
anyone is actually concerned about vegan
mojo sex life if anyone is actually
concerned about Jason Pacino sex life I
think that would create a very different
video because like probably in your life
probably you've had friends like people
you really know really poor you were
actually concerned there was something
bad going on in their sex life or just
they were they were messing up their own
life like you know something something
regrettable was happening like man man
you don't see the problem with this
right now but you know you're in love
with this girl and it's ruining your
life in real life people go through that
with friends but this stuff that's
happening right now in vegan YouTube
it's mean-spirited its counterproductive
I think it really is damaging the
movement short term maybe long term
we'll see we'll see long term and like
I'm someone who's just trying to make
something positive happen and there is
no way I can let this garbage dilute you
know the content on my channel of it
anymore and like you know people post
common little why don't you do another
video about durianrider or another
update on the case once you do another
video about vegan cheetah saying
something he knows isn't true and
something I already dealt with four
months ago why don't I do another video
on some drama so you know I actually
want to produce original meaningful
thought-provoking content that I would
find interesting that my viewers find
interesting that people still find it
interesting ten years now and I actually
want to move this movement forward
towards making real difference in the
world we have some advantages over other
movements historically it's a huge
advantage that I'm talking you right now
huge advantage over what people dealt
with just 10 20 years ago where people
would write each other letters and never
meet for years
political activists in the past they
didn't get to talk like this they didn't
have these kinds of connections or you'd
have to spend thousands of dollars
attending a conference you know to fly
somewhere attend a conference just to
meet someone for 20 minutes you know
what I mean it's wonderful what what
communications technology has done for
this movement present ends the future is
wonderful and I know the difference
because I was involved with activism
before the internet or before the
internet became very powerful back when
it was just email kind of thing you know
but it is also really sad that this is
set up this negative hostile competitive
scandal-mongering situation that's I
know I know because I know
these people personally I know it is
impacting people's lives firstly I know
it's impacting people's sex lives
negatively and I know it's impacting
their political eyes negatively so I you
know was somehow we got to outgrow it
somehow we got to overcome I last night
I was talking about the the scandal with
eyes on his divorce his wife this is
another thing with you know having my my
youtube channel you know aisel wife or
somebody saying that was his wife like
oh no you know I mean like you can't
make this [ __ ] up it did he have an
Australian accent in any way she had
perfect English in life just the way she
talked it wasn't just something basic
ass you know Thai fruit cult member
calling me [ __ ] with me it was but in
the comment section you know several
times people were like you're literally
a piece of [ __ ] and then you start
wondering you start thinking like am i a
piece of [ __ ] like myself in the mirror
and actually you know am i okay with
being a piece of [ __ ] let me listen it's
getting late here on the East Coast
United States I'm still broadcasting I'm
not tired
I can work like some of the viewers they
have some questions so can we maybe feel
some questions from the viewers they're
very interested you and I mean cool so
let's let's do that quick let's do that
quick in the wrap it up because I go to
the gym a great let's take some
questions as viewers and they'll go cool
what's your favorite food ask Marissa
she uh I know at this point my life I
really have no favorite food I really
just eat to live you know it's a sad
answer but that's the honest truth
I get like in general I eat a lot of
green vegetables here in China which is
good if I have a choice I do that but I
mean I I really don't enjoy eating any
more of my life which is maybe a bit
depressing but that's the truth that's
the way I live you know so why waste
your time and energy you know what I
mean in your you know your life force
your life why wasted trying to put
during writer in jail this is more to
things of what the same you know he's
not the enemy he's not the meat and
dairy industries not the pharmaceutical
companies like the petrochemical
companies that do all companies well I
spend all this time and energy trying to
like put durianrider in jail Oh reality
matters truth matters future the vegan
movement matters and I've spoken on that
at great length in my videos before
durianrider took something that's very
important to me namely the vegan
movement and he dragged its name through
the mud in the name of trying to present
it as something very glamorous and
appealing
he hasn't made a glamorous he's made it
shameful he's made us into a
laughingstock and he personally harmed
me he didn't just break the law in an
abstract sense it's not a victimless
crime it's a very real crime now what do
I want to see as an outcome of this I do
not like I've said this before I said
that's recently to cheat I've said this
in other videos the point isn't just
that durianrider shouldn't defame me I
also do not want schita
to defame durianrider or for you know me
to defame you or you did a Fame anyone
else the point is that's why I called
the fundraiser vegans against violence
and defamation I wanted to end the
violence and defamation within the vegan
movement and durianrider had a long
proven record of making threats of
violence against other people both men
and women by the way he has threatened
women the same way saying Oh a bunch of
carbon up guys here's your address I've
posted your address on the internet and
I can't be responsible for who's gonna
go over said this kind of thing to both
men and women made these threats of
violence so no threats of violence are a
real problem within the vegan movement
somebody has to stand up and say this is
wrong and this should stop it turned out
it to be me
China has to be Hannah Chloe also Hannah
Chloe also deserves credit she stood up
somebody had to stand up and say no this
kind of defamation
you know boo Shing doesn't pass it's not
acceptable has consequences somebody had
to stand up and do that for the future
of the vegan movement happened to be me
happened to be Hannah Chloe I don't know
who else has a case on during right it
could be other people during the same
time so you know it's a question of
doing the right thing for the right
reasons and then you don't know the
outcomes you know I can put this case
forward and you
durianrider can be found not guilty or
human given a much lighter punishment
it's totally possible nothing come from
it but me for my part I have to do the
right thing for the right reasons I have
to tell the truth about this because
it's a truth that matters and it doesn't
just matter to me it matters to veganism
and that's why more than 6500 dollars
were donated in less than 48 hours
because it matters to a lot of people
okay
well I mean we can we can talk about
this forever you know what I mean but I
know time time is kind of limited anyone
else I'm Chad have some questions for
eyes'll Lazard this is like this is kind
of the topic that's on people's minds so
okay about like your diet or whatever
like so what did you eat today or what
are you having today people are you
interested what you know I mean what
what is eyes'll mazar-e you can watch
you can watch my what I eat a day videos
I can tell you exactly what I today
today I ate a lot of green vegetables
with white rice and with a grain called
job's tears which you may not know job's
tears is a well your viewers may not
know jokes yours is a very very healthy
food some people consider it a superfood
it's a grain that gives you about 4
grams of protein to 1 gram of fat but
it's it's not actually a bean it looks
like it's a white bean but it's not it's
a big fluffy white grain I would I do
recommend other vegans look into jobs
here is very healthy food so that my
meal had more more protein and so I had
job steers along with white rice and
green vegetables at breakfast I ate some
white Chinese buns that are just made
out of rice flour they're just made of
rice flour and water so it's not really
bread in the European sense and oh yeah
today I did drink dough Gianna I did
drink soy milk some days I don't do
because the having too much soy milk has
been a problem for me lately but today I
also did drink soy milk so that's about
it what I eat for dinner is not totally
known to me but probably again probably
it'll be white rice and green vegetables
and something as a protein supplement
something like like job's tears but yeah
it's it is what it is I'm not going to
start selling a diet book you know I
cope with the options that I have when I
in Canada and I cope with the options
here in China so some ways the best time
someone is the worst at times in terms
of my diet from evil vegan empire asks
do you think the meat and dairy eaters
need to be thought of as addicts and
cult members when formulating ways to
approach them okay I'll say honestly I
mean I know I've known one guy in my
life who really did have addictive
behaviors toward food and he had a lot
of psychological problems he still does
and he is you know he's was enormous ly
overweight I think he was 300 pounds of
something there are some people there
are a few people who really have
addictive disorders involving food
whether it's meat or not who are
compulsive eaters or what have you but
that those are real like psychiatric
problems the people get help with do I
think it is useful to pretend that
everyone or the majority of people have
those problems no I don't and I think
it's counterproductive you know like
anything else would be like is it useful
to pretend that everyone's an anorexic
anorexia is a really serious disorder
some people have it some people don't
so no III think if you've seen that
you've taken interest in that people who
genuinely have compulsive eating
disorders you know of overeating or
obsessively eating or what if you want
to say it's very sad frankly and I'm
sure it is much more difficult for those
people to become vegan but I would not
address the question you know for the
population in general that way and the
vast majority of people I know who make
the decision to become vegan or who make
the decision to become reduced that area
because I also know a lot of people who
just become meat avoiding reduced
errands just reduce the meat in their
diet don't convene I don't think those
psychological issues are involved at all
so that's just my honest answer keeping
it all the way real oh you you can find
incredibly cheap apartments but what are
your assumptions of foreigners I'll give
you an example from Cambodia when I
lived in Cambodia I had to pay for an
expensive apartment let's say more than
300 US dollars per month because I
needed to live in an apartment building
that had a security guard because I am a
white Western foreigner if I live in a
really cheap apartment in camp
Odia my apartment will get robbed pretty
regularly because I'm a white Westerner
now depending on who you are that may
not be a problem for me I didn't own
anything expensive but if my computer
gets robbed I'll lose all my research
I'll lose all my work it's a huge
problem in my life because of the data
that's on the computer I'll lose
everything I'm working on on the
computer so like when I was in Cambodia
I don't have the option of really being
in a cheap apartment if you're in a
cheap apartment here in China are you
comfortable being in an apartment where
there's literally no shower where your
way to clean yourself is to fill up a
bucket with the tap and then pour the
water over yourself you know get real so
most foreigners who come here want to
rent luxury apartments because they want
to have a real shower you may want to
have air conditioning or heating or
other things other luxuries that normal
people don't have and you know if you're
a cheapskate then you have to ask
yourself do you want to spend a lot of
time commuting a lot of time riding the
bus or like riding the train to get
between work and your apartment so again
most foreigners don't want that either
so if you're being honest yourself what
you really want is the most expensive
apartment in the middle of the city at a
luxury rate etc etc so then it's not
gonna be that cheap no matter which city
you're looking at but obviously um you
know I like a lot of the smaller cities
in China I like the smaller cities I've
been to I haven't I haven't traveled
that much in China I hope wearing the
whole time but you know you can live a
beautiful life here
the questions I asked again and again on
my youtube channel is can you live a
meaningful life politically can you live
a meaningful life ethically and morally
and I think you should ask yourself that
question whether you're moving to South
America or you know Africa or China I'm
sure there are some cities in Africa
where you can get much cheaper rent than
here in China and we're probably if you
have some money saved up you can lead a
very luxurious lifestyle but you have to
ask yourself political and ethical
questions you have to ask you're really
leading a meaningful life so for me
short term this is a meaningful life but
I have my own questions about that too
I'm not I'm not planning to live in
couldn't aim for the rest of my life I'm
just here to learn Chinese and go right
alright this is great we have so many
questions yeah how many people are
really interested in you know they
really have a lot of questions for you
do you still have time or
okay okay we're coming up on we're
coming in one hour but I mean I'm
surprised you guys want to hear about
China you wanna hear put some erasers I
use I don't mind what okay okay if
they're okay if they're meaningful
questions I'm happy to do it if we got
ten more questions about durianrider
maybe we can skip it because I think I
already gave you a pretty long answer on
that but sure if you got something
meaningful let's let's do it okay well
it was one question was what do you feel
is the most effective type of activism
Wow
great question great question but you
know so I can give a corny answer the
most effective type of activism is the
activism that fits into your daily life
right so for me in China right now I
have to look at what I can do and for me
part of the answer was already mentioned
I can make a children's story book
written in both English and Chinese
because I'm learning Chinese so I
actually wrote it originally in Chinese
I translated the Chinese in English and
now I'm talking illustrators been
publishing a book is that the best form
of activism in the world
no but it's what I can do now as a
divorced parents living in China you
know still in university et cetera et
cetera I'm in these kind of peculiar
circumstances if you are an architect
the answer is very different than if you
are a movie star or if you work at
Starbucks and I mean you you yourself
Leonard you're uh you're working in
catering and I talked earlier I think
actually you being on YouTube and you
now and you connecting with people in
the film industry and in the catering
industry and the food industry I think
you could actually come up with some
really exciting possibilities based on
the synergy between the people you're
connecting in your life but you know I
think everyone already knows this about
me I'm always pushing people to question
the assumption that protesting on the
street is effective activism it almost
never is once in a long while there's
something really effective you can do on
the streets but in general you have to
realize that screaming at people on the
street is really the kind of last
desperate measure for people who have no
other alternatives no other meaningful
form of activism available to them and
you know emotionally I can sympathize
people who feel that way and want to do
that but we all have to look at getting
organized and making a difference
normally starting you know where you
live normally starting with community
activism with figuring out what
resources you can use in your city or in
your town and that's that's it the most
effective activism is gonna be the
activism you can actually do given your
daily life your job your financial
commitments how much time and money
you've got what languages you speak etc
etc so for me I mean nobody seems to
think about my future I get all this
kind of nonsense hate mail and stuff you
know because of what's going on right
now but my options will change forever
if I can speak Chinese your options will
be different forever if you speak
Spanish or if you speak Hebrew you know
there's this huge scene for veganism in
Israel which is what it is so you know
your options
yeah baby your options as an activist
are gonna be so different based on these
obvious things right
and so you know you gotta you got to be
analytical and look at your own life and
look you know don't don't ever take
yourself out of the equation don't think
that you're just an anonymous person you
got to really look at what you got to
give and some people don't have a lot to
give but you know not everyone is a
bikini model so don't pretend you're a
bikini model on YouTube whatever it is
you've got to contribute be honest about
it and I think there will be other
people who want to get organized with
you you want to cooperate with you this
might be sound like a cheeseball
question but a lot of people are very
very interested a lot of people want to
know what kind of music do you listen to
what's what can you can you tell us a
little bit about this I know it seems
like it's but people are interested sure
sure sure sure I know I don't I I think
I think most people know I mean as an
adult I've really only listened to rap
music now for many many years in the
distant yeah yeah in the distant past
like let's say my first year of
university after I finished high school
I would still listen to both I would
listen to both rap music and classical
music specifically by Bach Johann
Sebastian Bach but only only by Bach I
really do not I really do not like
classic music Angele it was just Bach
and I used to listen to you some of the
other genres related to rap music that
aren't
rap genre called rare Groove so stuff
that's a little bit closer to your funk
I used to listen to funk music and rare
groove but then you know within a pretty
short time rap music was a bigger and
bigger percentage of the music I listen
to and I mean by the end of university I
was all I listened to was was rap music
and you know it felt a lot more
important in my life after I moved to
Laos after I was living in Southeast
Asia when I was living in Laos I would
really go for long periods of time
without speaking English at all where
you know the Lao language was really the
language I was speaking every day so the
only time I would hear English being
spoken was when I was listening to rap
music especially the only time I hear
English being spoken well you know you
didn't loud you might go to the market
and somebody says to you you know you
might have a simple conversation in the
in English about how much something
costs at the market when you buy
something so you know it already was
important to me in other ways but it
grew even more than so know now um you
know as a fully grown man all I listen
to is is rap music and I mean there was
a brief period of my time my life when
my when my daughter was born and when we
hadn't gotten divorced yet I was staying
here on my daughter when I did not
listen to rap music because obviously
most of it as course language and where
I thought okay now that my daughter is
born maybe for like 10 years I'm gonna
stop listening to rap music just cuz you
know you're taking care of your kid you
don't you don't really want that kind of
music playing well you know you take
care of your kid I thought I might have
10 years of not listen to rap music but
as you know I ended up getting divorced
instead so rap music again became a
pretty constant feature in my life but
no it's just something most people watch
my channel know about me because I've
gotta grab music playing on my channel
but I come from downtown Toronto and
Toronto you know has its own little
hip-hop culture it's you know it's not
that surprising for anyone who comes
from big city um other than like andre
3000 can are there any other like vegan
rappers out there yeah so back when I
had the blog I actually made a list
I was actually keeping a list going of
different rappers who are vegan I think
the reality is there's a large number of
rappers who support veganism but who are
not actually vegan
there is one song really the vegan rap
song is called Animal Farm
spelt PHA RM so hold on just don't want
to get the rapper's name wrong
yeah Lupe Fiasco yeah that was a Lupe
Fiasco track so Lupe Fiasco yes so it's
a five minute racket you're longer you
can get the lyrics online you can hear
it on YouTube but also you a YouTube
video others but you know so it's a very
interesting track if you go through the
lyrics as text it's a full of very dense
metaphors for ethics of animal
exploitation veganism these issues but
is Lupe Fiasco actually vegan I believe
the answer is no I think if you look on
the internet you'll see that he wears
leather shoes and this kind of thing
little B is another example little B has
repeatedly said he supports veganism
he's actually been a part of some vegan
projects but he's not vegan and he does
still wear leather and I believe he
still eats meat once in a while I think
is registered so it's interesting within
whoo tang the majority of the members of
Wu Tang who are still alive they have
supported vegetarianism or semi veganism
but again they all wear leather they've
never really been vegan and they even
have lyrics you know alluding to that so
there's a large number of rappers who
draw attention to veganism but very very
few that who are actually committed to
veganism in practice
now you mentioned Andre 3000 to me he's
not vegan either and I can tell you why
if you go to his fashion line he's had
more than one line of clothes over the
years I think every every fashion line
he had had either leather or fur or both
and I don't really even hear him repping
veganism as a diet so again I think he
falls into the same pattern where you
know they talk about the ISM they
support veganism his idea but they don't
really do it see I'd like to know about
the Snowden poster and his thoughts on
WikiLeaks cool okay so let's make that
the last question then I'll go to the
gym I gotta shave and go to the gym cool
look
the Snowden poster I got for free I
picked it up basically out of the
garbage in at a movie theater uh so it's
not literally the garbage that movie
theater they would they would take down
their old posters and put them in a kind
of pile for anyone who wanted them but
it's basically for free and when I got
the poster I recognized that word
Snowden but I hadn't seen the movie it's
a terrible movie it's a really boring
movie um you know in terms of what
Snowden symbolizes or can symbolize I
think it's the same thing you guys can
see on my channel you know I have the 15
minute video up of me talking to vegan
cheetah and the title of the video is
something like you know a matter of
principle was like look this is about
the principle of the thing and you know
Edward Snowden I'm sure he's done bad
things in his life also but he really
decided to sacrifice his life for a
matter of principle
he felt that you know this question of
the government spying on people was a
matter of principle that was so
important that he was willing to
sacrifice his really his life for it and
go to jail for the rest of his life
instead of being in jail now he's in an
apartment in Russia or whatever so you
know it's very rare in the history of
the Western world that you have anyone
who does that or anything like that who
stands up on pointed principle and says
you know this matters more than my life
or this matters more than my comfort
beyond that do I have a whole lot of
respect for the guy not really but it's
just interesting it's an interesting
footnote in history and that's you know
that's what he'll be remembered for I
have a meaning when you look into some
of the fine print of what he did and how
he did it you know he's not a perfect
human being nobody is etc etc you know
will will WikiLeaks changed the world
I don't know I doubt it but I mean
people have had their heads in the sand
about that when I was in Canada there
was a woman who was apparently murdered
you know she disappeared and was
presumed to have been murdered and I
remember the government played this clip
on the news and it was a clip of her
voice the last recorded last her last
known location last night recorded voice
which was her using someone else's
cellular phone so she was hitchhiking so
a random stranger gave her a ride and
she used the stranger's phone to make a
phone call like to tell her friend that
she would get there soon or something
right now I remember talking to people
and at that time the WikiLeaks scandal
was fresh in people's mind someone said
to them you must realize the Government
of Canada is recording every single
phone call from every single person and
has all of them in a searchable database
because there is no other way they could
have this clip it's not from her phone
it's from a random strangers phone and
people were just people are just asleep
about it people are just sleepwalking
and for me there are other ethical
questions raised by it for me what I
wonder is okay in this case it's a good
thing they're doing a murder
investigation it's a good thing that the
government has access to that data but
what if I want access to it what if I
have a moral reason why I have to go to
court the government has this power to
play a recording of anyone's voice from
any telephone conversation and I don't
and you don't who has the power to
render a request saying look this is
something important me it may not be
murder but it may be a murder case
I don't know who shot 2pac any murder
case you want I want to go through the
government's database of these phone
recordings so I can try to find evidence
that relates to my case or my problem
who makes that decision
currently there is absolutely no you
know due process for that there's no
democratic answer that question because
those questions were never asked back
when the Constitution's were written for
countries like United States of Canada
so there are a lot of really interesting
deep long-term questions about that
but you know if we're living in a future
with no secrecy me me personally I'm
comfortable with that I really don't
mind if you know my recorded phone
conversations are available to the
government of China to the Government of
Canada I do not mind that there were
other people who definitely do mind that
I understand that that perspective but
we also need to mature as a civilization
and among the other things we need to do
is mature past exactly the kind of
scandal mongering that somebody like
vegan cheetah is engaging in right I
don't know do you have a phone snippet
of me you're gonna take out of context
about my sex life or something like you
know everybody's got next girlfriend
everybody's got a love life everyone's
got
private life we have to develop new
codes of conduct new attitudes new
expectations for journalists for the
government for ourselves as individuals
you know for how we're gonna live with
the availability of information that
formerly was not available and I think
I'm talking about it all the time now
because even when I say like look you
know if somebody's making up a story
based on some snippet of information or
something you have to weigh that in the
balance with my actual written articles
with my peer-reviewed publication with
the information that's on my youtube
channel you know a human being has to be
worth more than a soundbite a human
being has to be worth more than a
slanderous remark or a quotation take or
you know a quotation taken from a
Twitter or feed or two sentences in an
internet forum you know there has to be
some level of sympathy and
responsibility for what you're doing to
another human beings life when you
attack them this way and to me I know it
sounds corny but to me that actually
links Edward Snowden back to the vegan
cheetah the questions we have going on
in the vegan digital demi-monde right
now okay look it's been great talking to
you okay we go if you want to address
your critics no there's a control type
questions I mean you know I know you you
know you've given us a lot of time and I
do appreciate that
but if you want it if you want to if not
you know look I'll say no no it's cool
it's quick and but then I'll go but look
I would have said in my channel before
I'll say again now I can't spend my time
talking to the stupidest ten percent of
my viewers because then my whole channel
will just become stupid that'll be the
kind of thing you deal with again and
again so you know I need for you also
for you on on you now and for you on
YouTube and your future you have to ask
yourself those questions um I don't know
maybe if you're pursuing a mass audience
then you do answer whatever the majority
of your viewers ask or even what the
stupidest people ask maybe the most
entertaining are the most outrageous
questions but for me I mean like I
actually have a list of topics here like
on paper that I've wanted to make a
video about and that I haven't had time
to make a video about yet none of them
are replies to my credit
you know what you know their their
different philosophical and political
questions that I really think are a
meaningful contribution but you know see
you asked me before you know how much
time do I want to waste dealing with you
know the legal cases during writer and I
agree with you I don't I don't want to
spend a lot of time with that there are
other things I would prefer to do with
my time the other things that are more
important for me but then if you ask the
question how much of my time do I want
to spend answering my critics the answer
is like zero especially given the level
well given the level of stupidity and
malice of my critics and again I mean
that's that's one of the reasons to be
disappointed with someone like a natural
vegan I encouraged her I said look you
want to criticize me great go ahead but
you know really deal with the issue
really deal with the substance issue
whether that's castration of dogs or the
fact that I'm a lousy scholar of
Buddhism or that I secretly work for the
CIA
whatever your criticism of is of me if
it's actually intelligence and you know
well-intentioned it's not just malice
it's not just okay great maybe that's
really interesting but no that's not
what I get on YouTube or or elsewhere on
the Internet no I mean there's just
complete nonsense out there and then
there's my struggle and the struggle of
a number of other youtubers to really
provide something meaningful and
stimulating that advances the movement
yes but also just provides quality
entertainments to human beings who are
washing the dishes and who are walking
on the treadmill at the gym alone in the
world because that's the reality of this
podcast what we're recording right now
people are gonna listen to it while
they're washing the dishes people are
gonna listen to while they're on the
treadmill and they do not want to hear
the same thing they've already heard 10
times 20 times you know and whether
that's me answering my critics or
otherwise you know um if you don't have
anything meaningful to say don't come on
YouTube but I do I all the time every
day there are more things I want to say
that are really fresh and original and
that I haven't said before but no it's
not answering my critics alright great
talking to you Leonard and I hope I talk
to you again I'm gonna put this up my
channel to promote you so all the really
cynical over educated vegans are gonna
come around and check out your you know
broadcast man okay
I appreciate it too man I appreciate doc
do you ah bah Luo Yin